Add envFrom details in docs (#47709)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap.md

   in the specified environment variables.

This is an example of defining a ConfigMap as a pod environment variable:

> The following ConfigMap (myconfigmap.yaml) stores two properties: username and access_level:

Reviewer: Even better (just so you know): use a `code_sample` shortcode.

Or, if not doing that:
```diff
-The following ConfigMap (myconfigmap.yaml) stores two properties: username and access_level:
+The following ConfigMap (which you might name `myconfigmap.yaml`) stores two properties:
+`username` and `access_level`:
```

   in the specified environment variables.

This is an example of defining a ConfigMap as a pod environment variable:

> The following ConfigMap (myconfigmap.yaml) stores two properties: username and access_level:

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion
The following ConfigMap (myconfigmap.yaml) stores two properties: username and access_level:

```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: myconfigmap
data:
  username: "k8s-admin"
  access_level: "1"
```

> The following command will create the ConfigMap object:

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion

The following command will create the ConfigMap object:

```

```shell
$ kubectl apply -f myconfigmap.yaml
configmap/myconfigmap created

> ```

Reviewer: We [don't include the command prompt](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#don-t-include-the-command-prompt)

> The following command will produce a JSON object that contains the ConfigMap's key-value pairs:

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion

The following command will produce a JSON object that contains the ConfigMap's key-value pairs:

```

```shell

> $ kubectl get configmap myconfigmap -o jsonpath='{.data}' | jq

Reviewer: We [don't include the command prompt](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#don-t-include-the-command-prompt)

{
  username: "k8s-admin"
  access_level: "1"
}
```

> Once created a ConfigMap, you can consume it within your Pods. You can access all or part of a ConfigMap as environment variables, command line arguments, or mounted files.
> The following Pod (env-configmap.yaml) makes the content of the myconfigmap ConfigMap available as environment variables:

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion

Once created a ConfigMap, you can consume it within your Pods. You can access all or part of a ConfigMap as environment variables, command line arguments, or mounted files.
The following Pod (env-configmap.yaml) makes the content of the myconfigmap ConfigMap available as environment variables:

```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: env-configmap
spec:
  containers:
    - name: app
      command: ["/bin/sh", "-c", "printenv"]
      image: busybox:latest
      envFrom:
        - configMapRef:
            name: myconfigmap
```

> The envFrom field instructs Kubernetes to create environment variables from the sources nested within it. The configMapRef refers to a ConfigMap by its name and selects all its key-value pairs.
> Add the Pod to your cluster, then retrieve its logs to see the output from the printenv command. This should confirm that the two key-value pairs from the ConfigMap have been set as environment variables:

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion

The envFrom field instructs Kubernetes to create environment variables from the sources nested within it. The configMapRef refers to a ConfigMap by its name and selects all its key-value pairs.
Add the Pod to your cluster, then retrieve its logs to see the output from the printenv command. This should confirm that the two key-value pairs from the ConfigMap have been set as environment variables:

```

```shell

> $ kubectl apply -f env-configmap.yaml

Reviewer: We [don't include the command prompt](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#don-t-include-the-command-prompt)

pod/ env-configmap created

> $ kubectl logs pod/ env-configmap

Reviewer: We [don't include the command prompt](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#don-t-include-the-command-prompt)

...
username: "k8s-admin"
access_level: "1"
...
```

> Sometimes a Pod won't require access to all the values contained in a ConfigMap. For example, you could have another Pod which only utilizes the username value from myconfigmap ConfigMap.
> The env.valueFrom syntax can be used instead of envFrom for this use case. It lets you select individual keys in a ConfigMap. Keys can also be renamed to different environment variables:

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion

Sometimes a Pod won't require access to all the values contained in a ConfigMap. For example, you could have another Pod which only utilizes the username value from myconfigmap ConfigMap.
The env.valueFrom syntax can be used instead of envFrom for this use case. It lets you select individual keys in a ConfigMap. Keys can also be renamed to different environment variables:
```

   in the specified environment variables.

This is an example of defining a ConfigMap as a pod environment variable:

The following ConfigMap (myconfigmap.yaml) stores two properties: username and access_level:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: myconfigmap
data:
  username: "k8s-admin"
  access_level: "1"
```

The following command will create the ConfigMap object:

```shell
kubectl apply -f myconfigmap.yaml

> configmap/myconfigmap created

Reviewer: We [separate commands from output](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#separate-commands-from-output)

```

The following command will produce a JSON object that contains the ConfigMap's key-value pairs:

```shell
kubectl get configmap myconfigmap -o jsonpath='{.data}' | jq
{
  username: "k8s-admin"
  access_level: "1"

> }

Reviewer: We [separate commands from output](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#separate-commands-from-output)

```

Once created a ConfigMap, you can consume it within your Pods. You can access all or part of a ConfigMap as environment variables, command line arguments, or mounted files.
The following Pod (env-configmap.yaml) makes the content of the myconfigmap ConfigMap available as environment variables:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: env-configmap
spec:
  containers:
    - name: app
      command: ["/bin/sh", "-c", "printenv"]
      image: busybox:latest
      envFrom:
        - configMapRef:

>             name: myconfigmap

Reviewer: Can this use a `code_sample` shortcode instead?

```

> The envFrom field instructs Kubernetes to create environment variables from the sources nested within it. The configMapRef refers to a ConfigMap by its name and selects all its key-value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `envFrom` field instructs Kubernetes to create environment variables from the sources nested within it.
The inner `configMapRef` refers to a ConfigMap by its name and selects all its key-value pairs.
```

Add the Pod to your cluster, then retrieve its logs to see the output from the printenv command. This should confirm that the two key-value pairs from the ConfigMap have been set as environment variables:

```shell
kubectl apply -f env-configmap.yaml
pod/ env-configmap created
kubectl logs pod/ env-configmap
...
username: "k8s-admin"
access_level: "1"

> ...

Reviewer: We [separate commands from output](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#separate-commands-from-output)

```

Sometimes a Pod won't require access to all the values contained in a ConfigMap. For example, you could have another Pod which only utilizes the username value from myconfigmap ConfigMap.

> The env.valueFrom syntax can be used instead of envFrom for this use case. It lets you select individual keys in a ConfigMap. Keys can also be renamed to different environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this use case, you can use the `env.valueFrom` syntax instead, which lets you select individual keys in
a ConfigMap. The name of the environment variable can also be different from the key within the ConfigMap;
for example:
```

   in the specified environment variables.

This is an example of defining a ConfigMap as a pod environment variable:

The following ConfigMap (myconfigmap.yaml) stores two properties: username and access_level:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: myconfigmap
data:

>   username: "k8s-admin"

Reviewer 3: Nit: in YAML, you don't add quotes unless necessary.

```suggestion
  username: k8s-admin
```

  access_level: "1"
```

The following command will create the ConfigMap object:

```shell
kubectl apply -f myconfigmap.yaml
```
The output is similar to this:
```console
configmap/myconfigmap created

> ```

Reviewer 3: This kind of outputs are unnecessary. We sometimes include the output from a command because we have something to say about the output.

The following command will produce a JSON object that contains the ConfigMap's key-value pairs:

```shell
kubectl get configmap myconfigmap -o jsonpath='{.data}' | jq
```
The output is similar to this:
```console
{
  username: "k8s-admin"
  access_level: "1"

> }

Reviewer 3: These paragraphs are irrelevant to the subject.
There is nothing wrong in it, but reading them takes time, maintaining them takes time.
This is not a tutorial page, so you don't need to detail all the verification steps.

```

> Once created a ConfigMap, you can consume it within your Pods. You can access all or part of a ConfigMap as environment variables, command line arguments, or mounted files.

Reviewer 3: This verbose sentence is repeating something that has been mentioned before.

> The following Pod (env-configmap.yaml) makes the content of the myconfigmap ConfigMap available as environment variables:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following Pod consumes the content of the ConfigMap as environment variables:
```

{{% code_sample file="configmap/env-configmap.yaml" %}}

The `envFrom` field instructs Kubernetes to create environment variables from the sources nested within it.
The inner `configMapRef` refers to a ConfigMap by its name and selects all its key-value pairs.

> Add the Pod to your cluster, then retrieve its logs to see the output from the printenv command. This should confirm that the two key-value pairs from the ConfigMap have been set as environment variables:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add the Pod to your cluster, then retrieve its logs to see the output from the printenv command.
This should confirm that the two key-value pairs from the ConfigMap have been set as environment variables:
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f env-configmap.yaml
```
The output is similar to this:
```console
pod/ env-configmap created
```

> ```shell

Reviewer 3: Drop this?

kubectl logs pod/ env-configmap
```
The output is similar to this:
```console
...
username: "k8s-admin"
access_level: "1"
...
```

> Sometimes a Pod won't require access to all the values contained in a ConfigMap. For example, you could have another Pod which only utilizes the username value from myconfigmap ConfigMap.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sometimes a Pod won't require access to all the values in a ConfigMap.
For example, you could have another Pod which only uses the username value from the ConfigMap.
```

For this use case, you can use the `env.valueFrom` syntax instead, which lets you select individual keys in

> a ConfigMap. The name of the environment variable can also be different from the key within the ConfigMap;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a ConfigMap. The name of the environment variable can also be different from the key within the ConfigMap.
```

> for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example:
```

        configMapKeyRef:
          name: myconfigmap
          key: username
```

> If you add this Pod to your cluster, you will see that only CONFIGMAP_USERNAME is set as an environment variable and it has the value of the username key from the myconfigmap ConfigMap.

Reviewer 2: It would be great to delimit code-blocks from the text by new line ;-)

```suggestion

If you add this Pod to your cluster, you will see that only CONFIGMAP_USERNAME is set as an environment variable and it has the value of the username key from the myconfigmap ConfigMap.
```

        configMapKeyRef:
          name: myconfigmap
          key: username
```

> If you add this Pod to your cluster, you will see that only CONFIGMAP_USERNAME is set as an environment variable and it has the value of the username key from the myconfigmap ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add this Pod to your cluster, you  see that `CONFIGMAP_USERNAME` is set as an environment variable
and it has the value of the `username` key from the myconfigmap ConfigMap. Other values from the
ConfigMap data are not copied into the environment.

```

        configMapKeyRef:
          name: myconfigmap
          key: username
```

> If you add this Pod to your cluster, you  see that `CONFIGMAP_USERNAME` is set as an environment variable
> and it has the value of the `username` key from the myconfigmap ConfigMap. Other values from the
> ConfigMap data are not copied into the environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the Pod created from this manifest, you will see that the environment variable
`CONFIGMAP_USERNAME` is set to the value of the `username` value from the ConfigMap.
Other keys from the ConfigMap data are not copied into the environment.
```
